Mother Teresa

Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Peace begins with a smile.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
There are no great things, only small things with great love. Happy are those.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
I'm a little pencil in the hand of a writing God, who is sending a love letter to the world.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.

Helen Keller
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.

Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing.

Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
 
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye.

 

Mark Twain

The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
The report of my death was an exaggeration.
Lies, damned lies, and statistics
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.

Yogi Berra

It ain't over till it's over
When you come to a fork in the road, take it.
You can observe a lot by just watching.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
It's like dÈj‡ vu all over again.
No one goes there nowadays, itís too crowded.
The future ain't what it used to be.
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.
You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there.


Malala Yousafzai 
We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced.
One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world.
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.

