
 I will not fight him. 
 "All is well?!"? They broke into the Weapons Vault! If the Frost Giants had stolen even one of these
 (re: coffee mug) This drink. I like it.
 (re: the empty hall) This was to be my day of triumph.
 (to the others) Get him to the healing room! Leave my brother to me. Thor bolts out the door.
 ...but never you. I know.
 All the answers you seek will be yours, once I reclaim Mjolnir. Darcy looks to the others.
 And I am--
 And if you hadn't taken it from them they would have laid waste to all the Nine Realms!
 And what is that?
 And who proved wrong all who scoffed at the idea that a young maiden could be one of the fiercest warriors this Realm has ever known?
 And you are an old man and a fool! The whole world seems to stop at Thor's words. Odin falls quiet. When he speaks again, there's something terrifying beneath the calmness of his words.
 Another!     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 8A. The cup smashes, the alcohol causes the fire to glow intensely -- and, for a moment, brightly lit, and seen full length, like a King to be, is THE MIGHTY THOR. He proceeds down stops, past camera, and down the center of the Hall. We follow from behind and see at the other end, massively shadowed on one of the great banners, the shape of two great horns. As Thor approaches, the horn shapes move, and then, from the shadows at the side, emerges LOKI, wearing his horned headpiece. Like Thor, he is dressed for a great ceremony. They stand by a brazier at the foot of steps that lead up to the crowded throne room.
 Are you in love with her?
 As King of Asgard, I would--
 Because you're right. It's taken so many generations for your people to get to this point. You're nearly there. You just need someone to show you how close you really are.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 83. Thor moves beside her, opens her notebook, turns to the page which bears a sketch of the Bifrost. He takes the pen from the notebook, begins to add to the sketch, leading from one point to another in space.
 Blue sky... one sun... This is Earth, isn't it?
 But couldn't we find a way to--
 But not win. Move Volstagg, or he'll die! Thor looks at them, grins.
 But you're clever. Far more clever than anyone else in this Realm.
 Can I come home?
 Can you see her? Heimdall turns, gazes out towards Earth.
 Come on! At least make it a challenge for me! He sees the Brute coming at him. The huge Jotun lands a tremendous blow, sending Thor back across the ice. Thor rises, grins.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 28B.
 Come on! But when he hurls his hammer to take out a Jotun, the Frost Giants seize the opportunity. A group of Jotuns swarm Thor from all sides, keeping him separate from his weapon. Mjolnir falls to the ground. A Frost Giant desperately struggles to lift Mjolnir off the ground, to no avail. Now free, the wounded Fandral looks relieved as Volstagg slings him over his shoulder, and the warriors start to leave. From his balcony, Laufey looks upon the battlefield, decides it's time to pull out the big guns. He touches a wall of the palace. An ENERGY WAVE sweeps from his touch, across the wall of the palace, and down to the ground below. The Asgardians hear a foreboding CRACK OF ICE below their feet.
 Come on, big fella. Up...! With an effort, Thor pulls the burly warrior back onto the ice and, tremendously relieved, he proclaims:
 Come on. Don't be bashful. The others join him at his side, then step towards the Bifrost. Their bodies stretch towards the maelstrom, changing shape, as if every atom of their being is being elongated by the pull of it. In an instant, they're jerked off the platform and inside the vortex.
 Come on... give me one! Amidst the useless powder, he finally finds one stone still intact. Thor tosses the pouch aside, holds the stone over the end of the iron rod.
 Do not dishonor my father's name with your lies.
 Father! Heimdall! I know you can hear me! Open the bridge!
 For the first time in my life, I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. 
 For what?
 Forgive me. Summoning every bit of strength he has left, Thor raises Mjolnir one last time, drawing lightning to it from all sides, and brings it down with a final, terrible blow -- KRAKABOOM! The Bifrost SHATTERS, rainbow energy EXPLODING out of it. Both Loki and Thor are hurled into the air by the force of the blast. A wave of destruction moves forward along the Bridge towards the Observatory, breaking it apart as it goes. The Observatory RIPS ITSELF APART. As Loki and Thor fall together, Thor grabs hold of one end of Gungnir, while Loki still clutches the other. They both fall towards the MASSIVE WAVE of Bifrost energy which spews out from the broken Bridge. They're an instant from being blasted by the destructive force of the energy, carried away by the current, pulverized by the debris, when --
 Go, while you can!
 Good strange or bad strange?
 Good-bye.
 Hammer...
 Have you ever known me to be nervous?
 He just broke your truce! We must act! Odin turns to Sif and the Warriors Three.
 He won't! You can't kill an entire race!
 He would open it if he could. I fear the worst.
 He's fine. Not injured at all.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 81A. As Thor enters, he BANGS Selvig's head on the doorway. Selvig GROANS.
 Heimdall!
 Heimdall! Open the Bifrost!
 Hiding. As cowards always do. Thor leads the others onwards towards the central plaza. Loki reluctantly follows. They don't notice as SHADOWY FIGURES move in the shadows of the structures nearby.
 How about a song to lift our spirits? The others groan.
 How dare you attack the son of Odin!
 How did your people get into Asgard?
 How is she?
 I can stop them! The others hesitate. Jotuns break up through the ice all around them.
 I demand answers. Laufey stands, sizing up Thor, tries to piece this together.
 I had it all backwards. I had it all wrong. Selvig watches him keenly. This is a different Thor than he's seen before.
 I have no plans to die today.
 I have no quarrel with you. But  she's a lady. You should be more  respectful.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 80A.
 I just did.
 I meant no disrespect.
 I must stay and fight. The Asgardians look to Thor.
 I need a horse.
 I speak only to your King. Not to his foot soldiers.
 I swear to you, I mean her no harm.
 I swear.
 I swear.
 I swear.
 I understand. Then this is where we say goodbye. He takes her hand and kisses it.
 I want to know why they--
 I was protecting my home.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 34.
 I will not fight you, brother.
 I've changed.
 If I may, I'd like to come back for more of your "coffee."?
 Is the throne really worth what you've done? What you would become?
 It feels good, doesn't it? To be together again, adventuring on another world?
 It was all I could get back. Not as much as I promised. I'm sorry.
 It was delicious. I want another.
 It's not possible. He tries again, mustering all his strength. One of his hands slips free from its restraint.
 It's not what they say it is.
 It's the only way to ensure the safety of our borders.
 It's unwise to be in my company right now, brother.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 18.
 Jane Foster... Erik Selvig... Darcy. Farewell. He heads off down the street. Selvig looks relieved.
 Jotunheim...
 Just a man.
 Know this, son of Coul. You and I, we fight for the same cause -- the protection of this world. From this day forward, count me as your ally.
 Know your place, brother...
 Leave this town now. Get yourself and your friends to safety.
 Live and tell those stories yourself. At last, she nods. Thor spots Volstagg lying unconscious, with Hogun and Fandral lying nearby. Thor makes his way towards them. Volstagg is barely breathing. Thor tries to pull him to safety, but it's no use. He won't budge. He rouses Hogun and Fandral.
 Loki, this is madness... Loki grins.
 Loki, we have to see. Loki raises his arms, concentrates, the mists dissipating. But as they do, the Asgardians see before them the faces of the Frost Giants. And there are HUNDREDS of them -- too many, even for a Thunder God.
 Loki? What are you doing here?
 Many times. You're brave to do it.
 March into Jotunheim as you once did, teach them a lesson, break their spirits so they'll never dare try to cross our borders again!
 More like a rainbow bridge.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 64. A beat.
 My father fought his way into Jotunheim, defeated their armies, and took their Casket! We'd just be looking for answers.
 My friends! Thor happily races over and greets his comrades. Jane, Selvig, and Darcy watch the Asgardians from across the room. Jane looks concerned. Selvig and Darcy eye them with wonder.
 My friends, I've never been happier  to see anyone. But you should not have come.
 My friends, have you forgotten all that we've done together? He turns to Fandral.
 Neither did I. Selvig eyes him with interest.
 Next! Fandral calls to Volstagg and Hogun.
 No thanks to you. Frigga picks up on the tension building between her sons.
 No, I'm sorry. Loki... thank you for coming here.
 No. Jane looks relieved.
 Not when you'd use it to make war against other Realms. Laufey laughs, cold, mocking.
 Now! We'll finish them together!
 Some do battle, others just do tricks. The Attendant stifles a laugh. Loki notices, doesn't like it. He gestures towards the goblet in the Attendant's hand. EELS pour over the sides of the goblet, slithering out and across the terrified Attendant's hand. He SCREAMS, hurls the goblet to the ground. Loki chuckles.
 Standing there with the unconscious Selvig slung over his shoulder.
 Stay here. Once I have Mjolnir, I will return what they stole from you.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 64A. He looks to her, already knowing that Jane may disobey his request.
 Stop. Thor makes the final adjustments to his ceremonial wear.
 Thank you for what you've done.
 Thank you. Excuse me a moment. Thor leaves.
 Thank you. The two brothers take in the moment a beat, then:
 That wasn't nerves, brother. It was the rage of battle. How else could I have fought my way through a hundred warriors and pulled us out alive? The Attendant approaches with another goblet of wine for Thor.
 The Jotuns must pay for what they've done!     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 16A.
 The safety of our Realm is no jest. We're going to Jotunheim.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 19.
 Then bring me a healing stone, you savages! He hurls one of them off, smashing against a wall. Now a couple SECURITY GUARDS and MALE NURSES join the fracas, all struggling to hold Thor down. Medical equipment goes flying, furniture overturned.
 Then give me one of those, large enough to ride. The Pet Store Clerk looks confused. Just then, Thor hears a CAR HORN. He turns to the open door. Across the street, Jane calls to him from the Pinzgauer.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 63.
 Then go!
 Then tell no one where we've gone until we've returned. Thor walks past Heimdall as the Gatekeeper lets the group pass. Volstagg walks beside the frustrated Loki, needles him.
 There will never be a wiser king than you. Or a better father.
 There won't be a kingdom to protect if you're afraid to act! Odin stares at him.
 These are your chambers? Jane suddenly becomes self-conscious. She starts cleaning up the mess around her.
 They got this far!
 They will suffice. Thor turns his attention to the pictures of the Bifrost on the wall.
 This boy has grown tired of your mockery. Thor takes a step towards Laufey. The other Jotuns step in front of Thor, blocking his path. We finally see the Frost Giants now -- terrifying, blue-skinned, standing eight feet tall. Loki moves next to his brother and quietly implores him.
 This is how my father explained it to me...
 This was an act of war!
 To get what belongs to me.
 To replace the one I broke. Please forgive my behavior.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 86A. She takes it, looks at it curiously, then smiles at him.
 Too late now.
 Twelve miles east of here. He starts to stride determinedly down the street. Jane walks with him.
 We drank. We fought. He made his ancestors proud.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 82.
 We know all we must. It's time to act. Thor heads on. Reluctantly, the others follow.
 We must first find a way to get past Heimdall.
 What Realm?! Alfheim? Nornheim?
 What does anyone do in the Bifrost? Everyone stares at him. Selvig seems to recognize the word. Jane opens her notebook, quickly writes the word down. Thor moves close to her, eyes the notations and drawings within the book, curious.
 What would you call it?
 What you seek -- it's a bridge.
 What's happened? Tell me! Is it Jotunheim? Let me explain to
 What's wrong?
 What?
 Whatever fate lies before me, you are part of it. He takes her in his arms, kisses her passionately. Thor and the Asgardians leap into the Bifrost.
 Where am I?! Answer me! Darcy reaches into her fanny pack, pulls something out of it. Jane looks on, concerned.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 38.
 Where?!
 While you wait and be patient, the Nine Realms laugh at us! The old ways are done. You'd stand giving speeches while Asgard falls!
 Why did you bring us back?
 Why does everyone keep saying that? I'm not nervous!
 Why don't you tell her? How you sent the Destroyer to kill our friends? To kill me? Frigga looks to Loki, alarmed and confused.
 Why have you done this?
 Yes, exactly!
 Yes. He stops walking.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 57.
 Yet still not clever enough. With that, Thor raises his hammer, rising into the air, summoning lightning. A massive bolt strikes Mjolnir, then channels outwards, splitting up, striking each one of the Lokis. All of them dissipate into nothingness, save one -- the real Loki -- who's sent flying back across the Bridge, Gungnir knocked from his grasp. Thor steps over to his fallen brother, lying dazed on his back. Loki winces, prepares for the worst, when Thor steps away. Loki opens his eyes, tries to stand, but can't. He looks confused, then sees what the problem is -- Mjolnir rests atop his chest. Struggle as he may, Loki can't lift it off. He's pinned to the ground. Thor looks about him desperately -- at the Bifrost firing towards Jotunheim, gaining in strength, at the surge of energy moving through the Bridge. He's at a loss of what to do. Loki watches him smugly.
 You are coming with me...
 You can't help them now. Your job is to survive. She struggles to sit up.     4th BLUE REVISIONS 03-26-10 98A.
 You dare threaten Thor with so puny
 You don't really want to start this again, do you, Cow?
 You go ahead. Loki casts him a wary look.
 You have my word.
 You know I can't. My father is  dead because of me. I must remain in exile. The other Asgardians exchange puzzled looks.
 You must do this. You must finish what you've started.
 You think me strange? Jane laughs, catches herself.
 You! What world is this? The group is intimidated by his fervor.
 You'll see soon enough.
 You're a talented liar, brother. Always have been.
 You're big. Thor grins.
 You're going to need this.
 You're incapable of sincerity.
 You're no match for the Mighty-- Thor struggles a beat, then passes out.
 You're very welcome. Jane joins them at the card table with a couple more plates. She and Thor sit with the others and start to eat their breakfast, looking like a little family.
 You've been very kind. I've been far less grateful than you deserve.

 "Get Help."
 (covers his face) Not when I do this, you can't. (then:) Your hair looks nice. I like what you did with it. Change it? Washed it maybe? Valkyrie just rolls her eyes, takes Thor by the arm.
 (nods, understanding) Okay.
 (puzzled) What?
 (repulsed) Oh, the smell.
 (standing up) You know, Father once told me that a wise king never seeks out war.
 (to Banner:) What do you say, doctor? Uncharted metagalactic travel through a volatile cosmic gateway. Talk about an adventure.Thor and Banner high five as Val stares at them blankly.
 (to Hulk:) I need her to stay.Valkyrie is at the exit when the UPPER JAWBONE of Hulk'smassive skull bed CRASHES into frame, BLOCKING the doorway.
 ...what?
 A what?
 All right, I can figure this out. It's just another spaceship.
 All right.
 All right. Come on.He is pressing buttons and flipping switches. After a beat--the flight deck POWERS UP! Thor places his hand on a padwhich SCANS his handprint. Lights up green.
 All right. Screw it.CLANG! The giant weapons CLASH! Now Thor and Hulk arefighting warhammer versus battleaxe......and Thor is winning! He's getting the better of theseexchanges, using Hulk's aggression against him. Thorcontinually KNOCKS and/or TRIPS Hulk off his feet whileevading all of Hulk's best attacks.
 Alright wizard, who are you? Why should I care?
 Anyway, it sounds like all I have to do to stop Ragnarok is rip that thing off your head.Surtur stands up and approaches Thor, DRAGGING his sword.
 Are we cool?Hulk grunts. I guess so.
 Asgard is in danger and people are dying. We need to get back there. I need your help...wow.
 Asgard's not a place, it's a people. (then) This was never about stopping Ragnarok...it was about causing Ragnarok. (to Loki:) Go to the vault. Surtur's crown. It's the only way.
 Asgard.
 Asgardian?Thor breaks away from the line and runs to S142.
 Banner, listen.
 Banner, there's something you should know...Banner goes to the flight console.
 Banner. Hey, hey, hey. You all right, Banner? Sun's going down. Sun's going down. That's it, breathe. I won't hurt you. Sun's going down.
 Because I'm getting revenge. You're getting revenge. (to Banner:) Do you want revenge?
 Because that's what heroes do.Nothing happens. Thor appears annoyed at himself.
 Because you were naked.
 But if I'm being honest, when it comes to fighting evil beings, he is very powerful and useful.
 By Odin's beard, you shall not cut my hair... lest you feel the wrath of the might Thor. Barber activates a menacing CUTTING TOOL. Thor freaks out.
 Come on, you love it.
 Damn you, Stark. (rolls his eyes) Point Break.
 Do me a favor. Lock this in a vault so it doesn't turn into a giant monster and destroy the whole planet.
 Do you have a better plan?
 Earth it is.
 Earth loves Hulk. They love you. You're of the Avengers. One of the team, one of our friends. This is what friends do. They support each other.
 Father, it's us.
 Father, who are you talking about?
 Father.
 Father? A lone figure stands at the other side of the meadow at the cliff's edge, waves CRASHING below. It is ODIN. He's dressed plainly in humble human clothes. The boys approach him quickly.
 Fine, then you must be a traitor or a coward because the Valkyrie are sworn to protect the throne.S142 finally turns her attention to Thor, intense.
 Fine, you don't have to fight anyone. But we're in danger here, so we have to move.Thor grabs a towel from the ground next to him. He puts thetowel over his head.
 Fine. Stay here. Stupid place. It's hideous, by the way. The red, the white. Just pick a color.Thor heads for the exit, a wide open door.
 Fine. Then point me in the direction of whoever's ass I have to kick.
 For the record, I didn't know it was called that when I picked it.
 For this.Reveal that Thor has lifted the fob device off Val's belt!
 Get help! Please! My brother, he's dying. A small group of Sakaarian guards turn toward Thor and Loki. One guard aims his gun at them.
 Get inside!
 Get me out of this one.
 God of Thunder.
 God of Thunder. Tell him.
 Good. Great.
 Good. They arrive at a door. Before they enter:
 Has anyone here fought the Grandmaster's Champion?
 He kind of runs the place. You actually lived in his house.Back to Banner. A distant, confused stare.
 He's a friend.
 He's my brother.
 Heimdall, come on. THE GROUND SHAKES! Like an earthquake. Thor backs up as the ground begins to give way all around him. And then- -THE FEARSOME FIRE DRAGON BURSTS OUT OF THE GROUND! The dragon opens its tremendous jaws for an ear-splitting roar...
 Hey! We know each other. He's a friend from work. (to Hulk:) Where have you been? Everybody thought you were dead. So much has happened since I last saw you. I lost my hammer. Like, yesterday, so that's still pretty fresh. (then:) Loki! Loki's alive. Can you believe it? He's up there. (waves to Loki:) Loki! Look who it is!
 Hey! Where are you taking me? S142 ignores him, takes a swig from the bottle, and then nonchalantly UNCLIPS the fob from her belt.
 Hey, big guy. The sun's getting real low.Hulk takes off his helmet. Scowling. Teeth GRINDING.
 Hey, so listen, we should talk.
 Hey. It's okay. You're good. Calm down. Come on. Listen, we're gonna go to Asgard and you're not gonna have to think about the Hulk ever again. All right?
 Hi.Carlo only further weeps.
 How did you...
 How'd you end up in here?
 How'd you get here?
 Hulk, I need you to do something for me.TIME CUT: Morning.
 I agree. BZZZT! Thor ZAPS Loki and HOLDS DOWN the button. Loki HITS the ground, WRITHING in pain. Thor approaches. Pause.
 I agree. That's why I turned down the throne. But this isn't about the crown. This is about the people. They're dying and they're you're people, too.Val SHOVES him away. Thor stumbles back.
 I agree.Val SNATCHES his hand. They are close, face to face.
 I am going. ZAP! Thor's jolted back by the obedience disk. There are perimeter sensors in the doorway. Hulk CHUCKLES at Thor as he hits the floor. Points.
 I am the God of THUNDER!!!Thor THRUSTS his arms into the air but only a tiny bit ofstatic electricity POPS within Thor's hands.
 I can't believe you're alive. I saw you die. I mourned you, I cried for you.
 I don't drink tea.
 I don't even like Banner. (bad impersonation) "I'm into numbers and science and stuff."
 I don't think so.Thor winds up and HURLS Mjolnir at Hela...- THUD - the mighty hammer comes to a cold stop, againstHela's hand.Thor is shocked. He stretches out his hands, trying to callMjolnir back to him.
 I found this in the armory. Val immediately recognizes its significance. She doesn't want to be affected by this gesture, but can't help it. They share a look as the Commodore lifts off into the air. Before she's out of earshot, Val calls down:
 I got sidetracked.
 I have a man on the ground.
 I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning. It did nothing.
 I just need you to stay calm.
 I know that we failed you, but we can make this right.
 I know, come on.
 I know. We're the same, you and I. We're just a couple of hot-headed fools.
 I know. We've come to take you home.
 I love what you've done with the place. Redecorating, I see.
 I make grave mistakes all the time. Everything seems to work out. In the shadows, a massive FIRE DRAGON ROARS. The fire demons SURGE FORWARD. Thor backs up, HAMMERING AWAY. He then leaps back, SPRINGBOARDS off the wall, and- -LANDS HARD, SLAMMING Mjolnir down. The resulting shockwave
 I need a disguise. I'm a fugitive.
 I really wish I had my hammer.
 I should probably go and help. Thor abruptly exits, leaving Banner at the ship's controls.
 I think we should disband the Revengers.
 I understand why you're angry. And you are my sister, and technically have a claim to the throne. And believe me, I would love for someone else to rule. But it can't be you. You're just...the worst. Hela puts on her headdress.
 I was gonna do that.
 I was thinking that you drink too much, and that probably was going to kill you.
 I'll explain later.
 I'll explain later.
 I'm afraid so.Banner's eyes BULGE. Trying to process this information.
 I'm going to stop her.
 I'm just passing through.
 I'm not Banner's friend. I prefer you.
 I'm not as strong as you.
 I'm not sad, you idiot. I'm pissed off! Angry. I lost my father. I lost my hammer. THUD! THUD! He turns to see Hulk punching his pillow. Hulk stops. Stares.
 I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek, what's your home planet? Angle on Korg, who is holding Miek (sans robot exoskeleton).
 I'm sorry I said those things. You're not the stupid Avenger. Nobody calls you the stupid Avenger.
 I'm working on it, but I don't even really know where the hell I am.Two packs of Butchers arrive simultaneously. Spot Heimdall.
 Indeed they should. (provoking) I like that statue. A lot better looking than he was when he was alive, though. A little less weasely. Less greasy maybe.Odin sours, masking his agitation. Thor holds up the skull.
 Is he though?
 Is that... a Dragonfang?
 It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard the more powerful she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now.
 It's an interesting play. What's it called?
 It's great. IT works every time.
 It's just a planet. You've been on a planet before.
 It's me and you.
 It's my disguise.
 It's too late. She's already taken Asgard.
 Just had to be sure.
 Just wait a damn minute. I'm not for sale.Using all his might, Thor breaks out of his shackles, but--S142 ZAPS him again. Paralyzed by superheated veins.
 Let me explain something, my hair is not to be meddled wi-! Strange is behind Thor, he plucks a strand of hair. Strange extends the hair, infuses it with magic, does a few gestures that create a BRIGHT LIGHT and suddenly-
 Like this. Big, green, ...stupid.
 Loki!
 Loki! Guards arrive. They haul Thor up and escort him out.
 Loki! Hela projects a jet black grappling hook and GRABS HOLD of Thor. Drawing him to her, preparing to finish him off. Thor pulls up his legs, and KICKS Hela with both feet. This effectively dislodges him from her grasp but also... ...KNOCKS THOR OUT OF THE BI-FROST! Now both he and Loki are gone. If they aren't dead, then God knows where they went.
 Loki!? Loki! Over here!Loki notices Thor. Blanches a little. Sidles closer so asto speak to Thor without looking like he's speaking to Thor.
 Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were gonna fight side by side forever. But, at the end of the day, you're you, I'm me...
 Loki, lift your magic.Odin turns to Loki, who stiffens. But Odin smiles.
 Loki.
 Loki? He picks up the card. It reads: 177A Bleecker Street Thor picks up the card and - WHOOSH!
 Moron! You big child. Thor heads to the open entrance. Hulk smiles, anticipating.
 My God. This is the famed sword of the Valkyrie.
 Nat is good, I'm sure.
 Never one for sentiment, were you?
 No! I don't even like the Hulk. He's all like... "smash, smash, smash." I prefer you.
 No! Thor experiences a brief instant of heartbreak/devastation... ...but then notices a spec coming out of the explosion. THWACK! Val hits the ship's windshield and grabs hold! Residual smoke wafting off of her.
 No!! Hela CHARGES Thor and Loki as- -WHOOSH! The Bi-Frost envelopes all of them.
 No, I didn't ride the hammer.
 No, I won. Easily.
 No, I've stopped Ragnarok. I put an end to Surtur.
 No, but he can. KA-BOOM! EXPLODING through the roof of the palace is SURTUR! This is a different Surtur than the opening. He is slowly but steadily GROWING in size, and he carries with him a massive flaming sword, which GROWS as well. Surtur's arrival literally SHAKES the bedrock of Asgard, causing FISSURES to spiderweb all around him, and DISLODGING some of the foundation on the bridge and around the palace. Hela's eyes go wide. She wasn't expecting this.
 No, he's not here. But listen. Just stay calm, okay? The sun's going down. The sun's getting really low. Sun's going down.
 No, no you're not Tony. You're Bruce Banner.
 No, no, no!As Hulk enters, he DESTROYS the hull of the Quinjet.
 No, no, no. Don't freak out. You're okay. Put these on. Thor tosses Banner some clothes. Banner looks at them.
 No, no, no. My people need me to get back to Asgard. We must prevent Ragnarok.
 No, no. I'm putting together the team. The Hulk is the fire.
 No, there's no beast. He's just being stupid. We're going to start a revolution.
 No.
 No. I used to spin it really fast, and it would pull me off the...
 Nope. I'm putting together a team. It's me, you, and the big guy.
 Nope. I've been having this reocurring dream lately.
 Nope. We're going through that one.Thor points at the nightmare tornado wormhole over the ocean.
 Not for me, it's not.
 Not tea.Thor now has a stein of beer in his hand. He drinks itthroughout the scene, but it always stays full.
 Now I know what you're thinking. Oh no! Thor's in a cage. How did this happen? (then:) Well, sometimes you have to get captured just to get a straight answer out of somebody. It's a long story but basically I'm a bit of a hero. See, I spent some time on earth, fought some robots, saved the planet a couple of times. Then I went searching through the cosmos for some magic, colorful Infinity Stone things... didn't find any. That's when I came across a path of death and destruction which led me all the way here into this cage... where I met you. Reveal that he's talking to a weird alien skeleton in chains.
 Now the ship has guns.
 Now you've been on two. That's a good thing. It's a new experience.
 Odin is dead.Valkyrie stops short (the BALL BANGING noise continues). Hersilence speaks volumes. Thor has a realization.
 Odin, I bid you take your place in the halls of Valhalla... (then:) Where the brave shall live forever. Nor shall we mourn but rejoice-
 Of course, the freedom to be massacred.
 Oh, hang on. Give it a second.Once again, Thor is turning VERY SLOWLY.
 Oh, he's crazy!
 Oh, my god!Liquid Carlo spreads towards Grandmaster.
 Oh, that's a crown? I thought it was a big eyebrow.
 Okay, drop me off at the palace and I'll draw her away.
 Okay, so where is it? This crown?
 Okay.
 Or to cast it out. (then:) He told you you were worthy. He said the same thing to me. Angle on Hela in the frescos, fighting with Mjolnir.
 Perhaps you're not so bad after all, brother.
 Please, help me. I need your help.
 Possibly... but then I decide to go out there and investigate. And what do I find, but the Nine Realms completely in chaos. Enemies of Asgard assembling, plotting our demise, all while you, Odin, the protector of those Nine Realms, are sitting here in your bathrobe, eating grapes.
 Probably not. But don't worry, brother...I've got a feeling that everything's going to work out. Then through the window, they see-
 Quite unique. It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star. And when I spun it really, really fast it gave me the ability to fly.
 Right here on the sidewalk? Or right there, where the building that's being demolished? Great planning.
 Right. Where's Heimdall?
 Seductive GOD of Thunder. We need to move.
 See her, the one that put me in here.
 Shall we?
 She didn't dump me, you know. I dumped her. It was a mutual dumping. Thor notices something going on around Loki.
 She's right. We need one that can withstand the geodetic strain from the singularity.
 She's too strong. Without my hammer I cannot--
 Shut up.
 Shut up. Hulk HITS Thor, bullying him into opening up.
 Sister. Smiling, Hela gradually crosses the huge space towards Thor.
 So do I, but we have no choice. In the background, Hulk hops up onto the bridge. Looks around, zeroing in on Surtur.
 So earth has wizards now?
 Sokovia. Ultron. That was two years ago.
 Sokovia?
 Some creepy old man cut it off.
 Stop! Stop breaking everything!
 Strongest Avenger!
 Strongest Avenger.
 Sure! They love me there.
 Sure.
 Sure. (to Loki:) Start figuring out where he is.
 Surtur. Son of a bitch...you're still alive! I thought my father killed you, like, half a million years ago.
 Thank you, Loki. Thor picks up a soap dish.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.From her belt S142 FLICKS a small glowing disc which LODGESinto Thor's NECK. Far in the background, the Scrapper shethrew finally HITS the ground with a loud THUD.She holds up a fob device and presses the button - the discblinks and Thor is filled with the pain of a thousandscreaming squirrels. He hits the ground, stunned.S142 DRAGS Thor towards her ship.
 Thanks.
 That's a nice way of putting it.Thor spots S142 dealing at the bar. He's once again eyeingthe fob device clipped to her belt. Scowls.
 That's exactly what I was thinking.
 That's good. What are you doing here?
 That's great. Have fun. Hulk exits. Thor watches him go. Then, at the end of the hallway Hulk meets up with Valkyrie! They begin play- fighting, a clearly friendly rapport. Thor can't believe it. He runs to the entrance, but by the time he reaches the perimeter sensors they are gone. Thor sighs. Walks over to the window. Looks up through a wormhole, stars twinkling on the other end of it.
 That's intense. To be honest, seeing you grow really big and set fire to a planet would be quite the spectacle. But it looks like I'm going to have to go with option B where I bust out of these chains, knock that tiara off your head, and stash it away in Asgard's vault.
 That's what you always wanted.Beat. Then:
 The Eternal Flame that Odin keeps locked away on Asgard?Surtur grins, evil.
 The ground. It would pull me off the ground, up into the air, and I would fly. Every time I threw it, it would always come back to me.
 The people trapped down there are all that matters. While I'm dealing with Hela, I need you two to help get everyone off Asgard.
 The prophesied death of my home world, the end of days, it's the end of- (Hulk's blank stare) If you help me get back to Asgard, I can help you get back to Earth.
 The sun's going down. It's getting really low. The sun's going down. It's getting real low.
 Then I'll see you on the other side...brother.The jig is up. A shimmering illusion dissipates, revealing:
 Then why do you dress like one?
 This doesn't make any sense.
 This is bad. Banner! Banner! Thor pulls Banner back into the crowd. Thor briefly turns to see that he is no longer holding Banner's - it's the arm of a SMALL ALIEN who squeals in fright. Thor sees Banner across the crowd. Thor MUSCLES his way through the madness, knocking rowdy fans aside. He reaches Banner and holds him protectively, awkwardly trying to rub his shoulders. One of the aliens Thor knocked aside turns out to be a MASSIVE SCRAPPER. He rears up, turning on Thor and Banner. WHAM! From out of nowhere, Valkyrie CLOCKS this Scrapper with a brass knuckle right cross. The Scrapper DROPS. Thor looks at Val while clutching Banner like a child.
 This place is perfect for you. It's savage, chaotic, lawless. Brother, you're going to do GREAT here.
 This was your doing.CRACK! Behind them a black portal SPLITS OPEN!
 Thor, son of Odin.
 Thor.
 Thought you didn't want to talk about it?
 Traitor?
 Wait. Just listen. The Valkyrie are legend, elite warriors of Asgard. You are sworn to defend the throne.
 Watching theatre.
 We call you the stupid Avenger.
 We could have just walked.
 We need to let him finish... (finally sees Hulk) No! HULK LEAPS UP AND LANDS ONTO SURTUR'S FACE and begins POUNDING the fire giant with furious punches!
 We need to talk.
 We're doing it.
 We're fulfilling the prophecy.
 We're kind of both like fire.
 We're not friends, and I don't give a shit about your games! I'm going back to Asgard!
 Weeks ago? I just got here.Suddenly Grandmaster is right next to them.
 Well, it's true.
 What about you? You're made of rocks.
 What are you doing? It's me.Thor DODGES the first few attacks, but then Hulk SHATTERS hisshield and sends Thor FLYING.Thor draws a sword and STABS it into the ground to slow hismomentum. Draws the other sword and faces off against Hulk.
 What are you doing? Stop doing that!
 What do you mean, what am I doing? I'm stuck in this stupid chair. Where's your chair?
 What have I done?
 What the hell is that?
 What would you like me to say? You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth... (on Loki:) -to die, releasing the Goddess of Death. (back to Thor:)
 What's going on here?
 What's that supposed to mean?
 What, are you crazy?
 What...the hell?
 What?
 What?
 What?
 What? No!
 Whatever she is, we can stop her. We can face her together.
 Where's Odin?
 Where's father? Did you kill him?
 Which one?Heimdall RIPS into the attacking Butchers, CUTTING them down.
 Who are you?
 Why are you being so weird?
 Will you stop doing that?
 Yeah of course. (they shake hands) Thank you very much for your help.
 Yeah, about that.Banner hears:
 Yeah, it's called the Revengers.
 Yeah, sure, sure.
 Yeah. Don't touch anything. CLUNK! CLUNK! CLUNK! More fire from behind.
 Yeah. Quite a lot's happened. You and I had a fight recently.
 Yeah.Banner is groggy, disoriented. Thoughts, memories, andobservations begin to flood his brain randomly.
 Yes I am. Fight him, win, and get the hell out of this place.
 Yes! I'm getting us out of here. This is a terrible, awful place. You're gonna love Asgard. It's big. It's golden. Shiny.Hulk sits on his bed, eating a pumpkin.
 Yes!IN THE VIP BOX: Loki goes ghost white. Traumatic memories ofbeing Hulk-smashed flood his brain. Gone is all his joy.
 Yes, me too. On many, many occasions. There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Yeah, it's me!" And he stabbed me. We were eight at the time.Loki suppresses a smile.
 Yes, of course I'm alive.
 Yes, we should. (into the radio:) Where are the guns on this ship?
 Yes. Where is the Quinjet now?Hulk stands up, and exits the hot tub, naked.
 Yes.Thor extends his arm and holds out his hand. Crashing noisesare heard. Lots of crashing noises.
 You are the disguise.Banner finds a pair of Stark's sunglasses in his jacket.
 You didn't smash anything. I won that fight
 You have no idea. I've had quite the revelation since we spoke last. The door opens, revealing a bunch of guards.
 You just can't go around throwing shields at people. Could have killed me.
 You know that nothing will stop Mjolnir as it returns to my hand.Mjolnir stops mid-air and starts ROCKETING BACK.
 You know what we call you?
 You know what? Earth does hate you.Hulk gets sad. Wanders over to his bed to mope.Thor realizes he went to far. Joins Hulk on the bed.
 You know, it's funny you should mention that because I've been having these terrible dreams of late. Asgard up in flames, falling to ruins, and you Surtur are at the center of all of them.
 You mean cheating? (re: Obedience Disk)
 You must be Hela. I'm Thor, son of Odin.
 You really going to make me do it?
 You take this thing out of my neck and I'll show you.
 You'll pay for this!
 You're a Kronan, aren't you?
 You're a scientist. Use one of your PhDs.
 You're being a really bad friend.
 You're late.
 You're not even listening. Thor KICKS a random helmet.
 You're talking about evacuating Asgard?
 You're telling us you can get us access into the garage without setting off any alarms?
Alright, well, you're back now,that's all that matters.
He's a worthy inclusion.
If you knew where he was, whydidn't you call me?
Listen, my people are in greatdanger. You and I, we have tofight this really powerful beingwho also happens to be my sister.
No, I don't have a phone, but youcould have sent an electronicletter. It's called an email.
No, she's an evil being.
No. What for? (beat)Anyway, my father is no longer inexile. So if you could tell mewhere he is, I can take him home.
Not your home, though. Asgard.
Promptly.
We're looking for my father.
We're not stranded, I'm gonnafigure out a way to get us home.