 Rare card? Could they have found the card that I've been searching for? If you can't, it certainly wouldn't surprise me. Not that it's any of your business, but I came to see the card.  Me? Duel you? I'd have more of a challenge playing solitaire. I am the number one ranked duelist in the country, and the favorite to win the Duel Monsters championship. Hah, you wouldn't last two minutes in a duel against me. Now does this shop have any worthwhile cards or not?  Can it be? The Blue-Eyes White Dragon in a dump like this? It is. The card I've been searching for.  Listen to me, old man. Gimme your Blue-Eyes White Dragon card and I'll trade you all of these.  Nngh. Fine. If you won't trade, maybe you'll sell it. Name your price. I can pay anything you ask. No! Fine! I've heard enough of your nonsense.  Senile old fool. Heart of the cards. Ridiculous. Cards are all about power. And one way or another, his Blue-Eyes White Dragon card... will be mine. Gentlemen, there's a little something I'd like you to pick up for me at the Game Shop. *Ahh, Yuugi. Perfect.* Your grandfather's here visiting. But he's not feeling well. Why don't you come by my office and pick him up. How's the old man feeling, hmmm? We had a duel, that's all. With each of us putting up our most valuable card as the prize. But I guess playing against a champion like myself was just too much stimulation for the old fool. It was fair.  Yes, the Blue-Eyes White Dragon is a rare and powerful card and this one will never be used against me.  That sounds like an excuse. Your friends can care for your grandfather while you and I duel.... unless you're afraid?  I designed this virtual stadium myself. Impressive, hmmm? I think you'll agree, it adds a bit more life to the game. We each begin with two thousand life points, the first player to hit zero loses. Are you ready to play, runt? What the-? Virtual systems ready. So let's begin. I attack with the mighty Hitotsu Me Giant. Brace yourself, Yuugi. You've never dueled like this before. It's my virtual simulator. It creates life-like holograms of every Duel Monster.  Hah. Well played, Yuugi... for a beginner. But how will you deal with this? True, your winged dragon's attack is fourteen hundred, while my dark clown's is only six hundred, but if I combine it with this card... Exactly. The Negative Energy Generator. It multiplies my monster's attack by three. Dark Clown, attack with Dark Light! As you can see, combining cards can be very effective.  Dark Light Attack!  You're not faring any better than the old man did, Yuugi. Your deck is just as weak and feeble as your grandfather.  Wha-? Ahh. Hah. This'll be over sooner than you think.  Hmm. I call on the Blue-Eyes White Dragon. Surprised? Did you think your grandfather was the only one to possess a Blue-Eyes White Dragon? Your Fierce Knight is destroyed. Faith or no faith, you will fall before my superior monsters, Yuugi. Power is what this game is all about, you fool. Faith is for losers... like your pathetic grandfather. In your entire deck, there's not a single card that can stand up to a Blue-Eyes White Dragon.  So what hope do you have against two?  Why don't you just admit defeat, Yuugi? How desperate. What possible good will a three turn delay do you? Quit your stalling, Yuugi. Or you will be forced to forfeit the match. Draw any card you like, it won't change a thing. My dragons may be frozen for another two turns, but my new monster is under no such spell. The Judge Man, with an attack power of twenty-two hundred. Ahh, a sacrifice that doesn't even phase me. And though neither dragon can move for one more turn, my next card is... the third Blue-Eyes White Dragon!  Now my dragon, attack! So tell me, Yuugi, how's your faith now? On my next turn, all three Blue-Eyes White Dragons are free to attack. This game's over no matter what card you draw. You can't possibly stand against my three Blue-Eyes White Dragons. It's over, Yuugi. You were never a match for me. Draw your last pathetic card so I can end this, Yuugi. Ahh!  Impossible! Exodia! Ahh, it's not possible! No one's ever been able to call him! AHHHHHH! But... but how? How could I have lost to him?  Draw your last pathetic card so I can end this, Yuugi. Ahh!  Impossible! AHHHHHH! Draw your last pathetic card so I can end this, Yuugi. Ahh!  Impossible!