 Now, Kaiba, prepare yourself, because it's time to duel.  He's brought the monster on the card to life.  So this is how you beat my grandfather. Well now it's my turn. I call on the winged dragon- Guardian of the Fortress. Fireball attack! Saggi the Dark Clown? But that card has hardly any attack strength.  Ahh, A magic card!  He's good. He knows every aspect of this game. But my grandpa put all of his gaming knowledge, his whole heart, into assembling this deck. I have to believe that it holds some secret strategy.  Ah, this card is useless. I can't beat the Dark Clown with this. I'll have to use a different monster in defense mode. The monster will be sacrificed, but my overall life-points will be safe. My grandpa is a great man, and a better duelist than you'll ever be. He entrusted me with his cards and I can feel his heart in this deck. I doubt you have that kind of faith in your cards, Kaiba.  And my faith rewards me with Gaia the Fierce Knight! With a destructive power of twenty three hundred. Alright, Kaiba, your move. No way. Argh. I won't give up. Grandpa's counting on me.  Huh, a magic card. Swords of Revealing Light! It stops all monsters on the field for three turns. He's right. What do I do? I can't figure out what to do with these cards. They're just a bunch of... pieces. How can I use them to battle an expert like Kaiba? Ahh, like the Millennium Puzzle? Grandpa! Puzzle? When are the cards like a puzzle? Wait! Grandpa once said, "Duel monsters contains only one unstoppable monster- Exodia. But he can only be summoned by drawing all five special cards. A feat that, to this very day, no one has ever accomplished." I never forfeit.  Huh? Another piece of the puzzle.  I can attack with the Dark Magician. But he won't stand a chance once Kaiba's dragons are free of my spell. Dark Magician... attack!  Judge Man falls. Nngh! Kaiba had three Blue-Eyes all along. He only wanted my grandpa's card so it couldn't be used against him. My only chance now is to assemble all the pieces of Exodia. But the odds are against me. I don't think I can do this. Wha-  Our friendship symbol!  They're right. I've got to believe in the cards like my friends believe in me. My grandpa's deck has no pathetic cards, Kaiba. But it does contain...  the unstoppable Exodia! I've assembled all five special cards. All five pieces of the puzzle. Exodia Obliterate!! You play only for power, Kaiba, and that is why you lost. But if you put your heart in the game, there is nothing you can't do. Kaiba, if you truly want to know...  ...open your mind! There Kaiba, maybe now you will begin to see... My grandpa's deck has no pathetic cards, Kaiba. But it does contain...  the unstoppable Exodia! Exodia Obliterate!! Start the clock and make your move, Pegasus.  You may be good. But I will beat you to save my friends. How?  Aghh! This is crazy. First he reads my mind, then he brings the monster on my card to life. But what you're telling me can't be true. Don't you know? You invented this game. Huh?! It's a good story, Pegasus. But these monsters can't be real.  I have to counter attack!!! Silver Fang!  Oh, the heat! What?! What's this have to do with me? Seven items? You're saying that... my puzzle's one of them? But why are you telling me this? He's right, times running out and I still haven't figured out if he can really read my mind or if it's some kind of trick.  I've gotta try something, maybe my Zombie Warrior! Wait a minute, he definitely knows what I'm about to do. But how? It's gotta have something to do with that weird eye of his. That's it, isn't it? That weird eye must somehow let him see the cards in my hand. So no matter which card I pick, he's already one step ahead of me. But that gives me an idea. I guess he's expecting me to play one of the cards in my hand. But what if I play a card even I haven't seen yet?! What happens if I draw a new card straight from the deck without even looking at it?  Not this time. I figured out your little game, Pegasus. You may be able to see the cards in my hand, but you can't see the cards I pull from the deck. My next card is... the Dark Magician! Mock me all you like, Pegasus. But my magician will destroy that dragon. It'll do more than help, Pegasus. It'll bring you closer to defeat and bring me closer to saving my friends. Dark Magician! Dark Magic Attack!! Huh? No. I've never seen that card before. But my Dark Magician is one of the strongest magic cards in the game. Dark Magician, Dark Magic Attack! Dark Magician! My attack had no effect at all. His Faceless Mage should've been destroyed, but it's still standing and I'm running out of time. I'm up by three hundred life-points, but only because Pegasus is toying with me. I've got to find a way to beat him at his own Shadow Game.  Pegasus knows all kinds of tricks. But I gotta find a way to defeat him. I just have to trust in my grandpa's cards. I attack your combo with the elf swordsman! This mighty warrior will cut your Faceless Mage down to size. No! Arg! But that's impossible! The Faceless Mage doesn't have a Dark Magic Attack.  Oh no! It was my own Dark Magician that attacked me. Pegasus is controlling him with the Eye of Illusion. But if he's using its magic to control my magician, what's controlling his mage? Time's not up yet, Pegasus. And you've left your Faceless Mage vulnerable to a physical assault.  Summoned Skull, attack! I'm done with your games. A Millennium Eye? Huh? Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh. My grandpa's deck has no pathetic cards, Kaiba. But it does contain...  the unstoppable Exodia! I've assembled all five special cards. All five pieces of the puzzle. I'm done with your games.