[Cue theme song: Overlap]

[Cue to corner in an alley. Bakura is running.]

Voice: Where do you think you're going?

[Cut to a church. Bakura runs into church]

Bakura: I...leave me alone!

Voice: It's pointless to run away, you have a duty!

Bakura: A duty?

Voice: Now the Sennen Items are the hands of the Pharaoh, Shadi, and you. Shadi will eventually give the items to the Pharaoh. All of the sennen items should have been gathered by you and him, but the seven Sennen Items alone will not be able to open to door to the underworld. You must find the eighth key using the other seven Sennen Items.

Bakura: I...

Voice: The eighths key to opening the door to the underworld is hidden within the Pharaoh's Memory World.

Bakura: I don't know anything about that!

[All windows in church break]

Voice: Nameless Pharaoh, when the doors to your memory have opened an ultimate Yami no Game that transcended 3000 years will begin...

Episode Title: The Ultimate Game

[cut to a desert]

-During 1960-

[three men seen riding on camels]

Sugoroku: We've finally arrived.

Mushara: If you are going to turn back, now is the time, master.

Ahmet: Ahead is the domain of the dead. When the sun sets, darkness will merge with all things, including human souls.

Sugoroku: The Big Valley. That is the Pharaoh's property. I came here for the ultimate game.

Mushara: There are over sixty tombs that have been uncovered in this valley, but I heard no one has reached the tomb we're after.

Ahmet: Recently, there was a guy who barely survived. The last thing he said was "Yami No Game."

Sugoroku: Yami no Game? What an interesting thing to say.

Ahmet: There traps that no one has passed. There's no mistake that there is an incredible treasure lurking there. But master, we had a deal. We are not as reckless as you. We'll lead you to the entrance, but after that, you will guide us until we reach the treasure. 

Sugoroku: I understand. I have no interest is things like treasure. So, shall we eat now? Of course we'll raid the tomb at night. 

[Night-time. The three men are sitting by a fire.]

Sugoroku: It's time.

Ahmet: Master, I've always wanted to ask you. You sure dress oddly. Do you plan to propose to someone in the tomb? 

Sugoroku: Something like that. Games are very important to me. If I lose, I will pay the ultimate penalty. I'll put on jeans and overalls, and cash in my chips to become an old man. 

Ahmet: If you lose tonight's game, you won't just lose your outfit. You should be careful.

Sugoroku: Up until now, I have traveled the world and beat many opponents in cards, chess, and gambles. In those ventures, I heard a legend about the most dangerous game in the world that exists in the valley of the Kings, in Egypt. In this tomb, there is a chance to obtain everlasting glory. That's right. I'm betting my gaming life in this ultimate challenge. 

[The three men enter the tomb.]

*Mushara: Here, you go first, Mister Mutou.

Sugoroku: Yeah.

[They enter a room with corpses on the floor]

Ahmet: These are...

Sugoroku: A mountain of corpses of failed raiders. Are these who had lost the game?

Mushara: [looks up, sees a stone-snake, and gasps] Big brother...that is....

Ahmet: Here also. It's the treasure! 

Mushara: Big brother! 

[Mushara starts walking forward, Sugoroku stops him]

Sugoroku: Don't move.

Mushara: What? We're the ones who saw those! (Note: the snake's eyes were of some precious stone)

[Sugoroku throws his cigarette forward. Sharp needle-like objects shoot out from the mouths of the two snakes, cutting the cigarette in half.]

Sugoroku: Looks like the game has already started.

[They walk into another room]

Ahmet: What is this? [looks up at a giant statue at the end of a room. They reached a dead end.] Isn't that just a statue?

[The trio walk up to the statue. Sugoroku touches a tablet between the legs of the statue.]

Mushara: Where could it be? (Note: Mushara is referring to the treasure hidden in the tomb.)

Ahmet: This is the end.

Sugoroku: Don't be so hasty. [lights something at the base of the tablet. The fire reveals hieroglyphics.]

Sugoroku: [reads the hieroglyphics] Ahead is the sleeping place of the great Pharaoh. Trespassers' bodies will be eaten, and their souls will be thrown into darkness. 

Ahmet: You...can read ancient characters?

Sugoroku: Well, I think it's strange also. But somewhere here is the real entrance.

Mushara: But...where is the entrance?

[The floor underneath them starts to move, revealing a hidden staircase.]

Ahmet: What is this...?

Sugoroku: This is the entrance. God Horus, that is the Pharaoh. The one to show the way. 

[The trio approach a maze]

*Mushara: What is this place?

Sugoroku: Looks this place is the main stage for the game.

[Sugoroku walks up to a corpse who's clenching a sword, and kicks his hand. The sword falls down into the void.]

Sugoroku: It's impossible to get to the bottom. We have to go on this path.

Ahmet: Then go. There is no mistake that there is treasure ahead.

Mushara: Big brother, I don't want to...die here. I'm leaving. 

Ahmet: Quiet! Listen carefully. We're not the ones in danger. We're just letting him clear the game, so we can take the treasure.

Mushara: Big brother...

Ahmet: What? Don't worry. If anything happens...[shows Mushara a gun.] Good.

[Ahmet walks forward, stepping on a floor tile that causes the entrance to the maze to close.]

*Mushara: The entrance!

[Spikes come out of the door, and the door starts moving toward the trio]

*Mushara: The wall, it's...! If this continues...! 

Sugoroku: Is going through the path the only way? But I still don't know what kind of traps there are. 

Ahmet: Damn! [pulls out gun] Hey you!(Note: He's referring to Sugoroku) Hurry up and cross! You're going first.

Sugoroku: Damn it, I have no choice but to go. 

[Sugoroku runs out into the maze. He stops before a statue with a sword in it's hand. 

Sugoroku: What?

[The statue swings the sword at Sugoroku, and he starts backing up.]

Sugoroku: It's impossible to cross this statue.

Ahmet: Do something!

Sugoroku: If this is a Yami no Game, there has to be some kind of answer, and a riddle. But at this rate...

[Sugoroku backs up, leaving his left foot forward]

Sugoroku: For a second....

Ahmet: That lousy gambler! What about 'eliminating the opponents in the game?'

Sugoroku: Game..that's right. That's it! In Ancient Egypt, the Pharaoh was God. Those who walk in front of the Pharaoh must walk with their left-foot first. That shows loyalty to the God-like Pharaoh. This is God's domain. You must show respect. When you forget to show respect, the penalty is death. 

Sugoroku: I get it now; the mystery of this room. Walk with your left foot out. If you stick out your right foot, the statues will move. 

Ahmet: Left foot? 

Mushara: I've never heard of anything like that! 

Sugoroku: There is. 

[Sugoroku reaches the end of the maze]

Sugoroku: Just a little more, be careful!

[Mushara is frightened, looks up at a statue, sticks his right foot forward. The statue swings the sword, throwing Mushara down off the maze, into the void.]

Ahmet: Mushara!

Sugoroku: It's regretful. This is the law of the Yami no Game. 

Ahmet:[pulls out gun] Well, continue. 

[The two men proceed down a hallway. They approach a room]

Sugoroku: This is the second room. 

Sugoroku: [reads hieroglyphics] The Kaa residing in the tables will judge you. Cowards' souls will be eaten. Warriors will be shown the way. (Note: The Kaa meas the power of the monster. The tablets have monsters carved on them)

[The two men face a pathway with tablets on the floor. At the end of the pathway is a box with the Sennen Eye symbol.]

Ahmet: Look over there! There's no mistake that there's treasure there. [points gun at Sugoroku] Well, go! Hurry! 

Sugoroku: What is with this feeling? I feel as if, something I've...

Ahmet: What is it? Hurry up and go. 

Sugoroku: [walks] Just a little further and I'll have triumphed over the legendary game. 

Ahmet: It appears you've reached the other end safely. Once you cross this bridge, I won't have any further use for you. 

[Ahmet fires his gun at Sugoroku. Sugoroku falls off the ledge, hanging on with one hand.]

Ahmet: You've challenged the Yami no Game, you'll have no regrets even if you die. 

Sugoroku: You bastard....

Ahmet: I'm going ahead as the one who escaped death.

Ahmet: With that, the treasure is mine!

[Ahmet walked along the bridge, and hears a roaring sound. He looks down at the tablet at his feet.]

Ahmet: Is it my imagination? Even so, I'm going to get it. (Note: By "it," Ahmet means the treasure.)

[Ahmet steps into the tablet ,a monster comes out and eats him. Meanwhile, Sugoroku's grip is slipping.]

Sugoroku: To have come here...is it over?

[Sugoroku sees a Pharaoh approach him. The pharaoh kneels down, and reaches out to Sugoroku.]

Pharaoh: I've been waiting, Shimon.

[fade to black]

[Sugoroku wakes up, and finds himself on that same bridge]

Sugoroku: If I'm not mistaken, I...

[He looks around. The box at the end of the passageway starts glowing. Sugoroku walks up to it and picks it up.]

Sugoroku: This is the proof of glory.

[Back to present. The scene switches to Yuugi's room. Sugoroku and Yuugi are in their pajamas.]

Sugoroku: That was how I got the Sennen Puzzle.

Yuugi: My grandpa back then was really cool, huh?

Sugoroku: [laughs] I was a little cool. You wanted to hear this story because you're going to Egypt, right?

Yuugi: Yes. The stone tablet in the museum has already been returned to Egypt. That's right. Tomorrow we are leaving for Egypt. And when we show the three God cards to that stone tablet the journey to find the Other Me's memory will begin. 

Yuugi: Hey, Grandpa, do you still remember the location of that Pharaoh's tomb?

Sugoroku: How could I remember that? Back then I had a special guide. Besides, there are many tombs that look the same in the valley.

Yuugi: Is that so...When I go to Egypt, I wanted to see the place where the Sennen Puzzle came from. 

Sugoroku: No, no, anywhere but there! Anyway, Yuugi, can you let me see them one more time? 

Yuugi: Again? It's the fifth time. (Note: jii-chan is asking Yuugi to see the Egyptian God Cards)

Sugoroku: When I think that I won't be see them for a while...just thinking that, I....

Yuugi: I understand, Grandpa. 

[Yuugi gives jii-chan the cards]

Sugoroku: Oh, the God cards! I want them!

Yuugi: No! I will never give them to you!

Sugoroku: I want to sell them, or let other collectors see them. You're going to Egypt anyway, let me see them! 

Yuugi: I said no, so no! 

Sugoroku: I knew it...

Yuugi: You don't know how important these are to Other Me.

Sugoroku: I guess... The Pharaoh's soul inside you needs them to travel. 

[Flashback]

[The pharaoh kneels down, and reaches out to Sugoroku.]

Pharaoh: I've been waiting, Shimon.

[End Flashback]

Sugoroku: I noticed the tomb, when I took the Sennen Puzzle, the possible presence lurking in the inner levels of the tomb. The one who put together the Sennen Puzzle is entrusted with this task.

Sugoroku: Yuugi, the one who holds the Sennen Puzzle will accept the Pharaoh's soul, which in turn will lead to an important test. 

Yuugi: Test?

Sugoroku: No matter what happens, you must not fail that test. You are the one chosen to face it. 

Yuugi: Chosen person...

Sugoroku: That's right. The words that pass down the bravery and feelings. You'll know them when that time comes. 

Yuugi: I won't fail the test. 

Sugoroku: Now, that's my grandson!
Well, I guess I'll go to bed. Good night, Yuugi.

Yuugi: Good night!

[cut to the outside of the Kame Game shop. It starts to rain.]

Yuugi: Other Me.

[Flashback/dream]

[Yuugi is sitting on the roof of the school.]

Other Yuugi: What's wrong, partner? 

Yuugi: Other Me... I have something I must say to you. You're holding back because of me.

Other Yuugi: Holding back?

Yuugi: During Battle City, you obtained the three God cards, but a lot has happened since then. I think that you're stopping yourself from finding your memory. I met you when I completed the Sennen Puzzle. Thanks to you, the lonely me made many friends, like Jounouchi-kun, Kaiba-kun, and many others. You have given me things, that I could never thank you enough for, but still you are held back by me. That makes it painful for me. 

Other Yuugi: Aibou...

Yuugi: Other Me, please don't hold yourself back because of me. I'm fine by myself now.

Other Yuugi: I understand, Aibou... But no matter what happens, I will not forget you and the others. 

Yuugi: Other Me... Now it's time for me to put together the pieces of your memory as I did the Sennen Puzzle. Until we accomplish this goal, we'll always be partners, right?

Other Yuugi: Yes, Aibou.

[End flashback/dream]

[Haga And Ryuuzaki look into Yuugi's room, as lightening flashes]

Haga: Looks like Yuugi didn't think that we'd also go after the God Cards.

Ryuuzaki: Yeah, now we can get them.

[Haga smashes Yuugi's window with a rock. Yuugi wakes up. Ryuuzaki grabs Yuugi's bag.]

Ryuuzaki: Oh no, he saw us!

Haga: Let's run!

[they climb down the stairs, and kick it down, so Yuugi can't follow them]

Yuugi: Wait!

[Yuugi runs out]

Yuugi: Where did they go?

Yuugi: It's my job to protect the Sennen Items, and God Cards.

[Haga and Ryuuzaki run into an alley and open the bag.]

Ryuuzaki: I think it's safe here. 

Haga: God cards, God Cards!

Haga: [looks inside bag] What is this?

[The Sennen Ring in the bag glows, and floats away, right into Bakura's hands.] 

Ryuuzaki: Who's there?

Dark Bakura: With this, I'm finally able to come out.

Haga: You're the weird guy who hands out with Yuugi and the others!

Ryuuzaki: So, you're after the God cards, huh?

Dark Bakura: [laughs] If the God Cards were to be stolen now, it'd be troublesome. [puts on the Sennen Ring] Nuisances disappear.

[scene cuts to Yuugi. Haga and Ryuuzaki's screams could be heard.]

Yuugi: That is...

[Yuugi runs into the alley, sees Haga and Ryuuzaki unconscious. Bakura is standing, with his back toward Yuugi]

Yuugi: Who are you?

[Dark Bakura turns around, and Yuugi gasps.]

Yuugi: Bakura-kun!

[Lightening flashes]

[Cut to ending theme: Eyes]

